docs: improve sentence (#1634)
vuejs/router: packages/docs/guide/advanced/meta.md

  title="Learn how to use route meta fields"
/>

> Sometimes, you might want to attach arbitrary information to routes like transition names, that can access the route, etc. This can be achieved through the `meta` property which accepts an object of properties and can be accessed on the route location and navigation guards. You can define `meta` properties like this:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Sometimes, you might want to attach arbitrary information to routes like： transition names, or roles to control who can access the route, etc. This can be achieved through the `meta` property which accepts an object of properties and can be accessed on the route location and navigation guards. You can define `meta` properties like this:
```
